Do your New Year's resolutions always fall apart in February? Tired of falling off the wagon? Do you keep having good streaks towards a new habit, but then forget for days on end? This app will help you become the person you want to be.

Rather than focusing on very near term goals that are unsustainable, this app will help you track and visualize your habits in a way that helps you slowly, but inevitably, move closer to your goal... and feel good about yourself while doing it. Are you your perfect self? Not *yet*.

NotYet allows you to record your progress towards your goals quickly and simply. It displays your progress visually so you can see how far you have come.

Data entry in this app is extremely quick and easy. This makes it more likely you'll keep using the app and keep progressing towards a better you.

How is this app different from other apps that say they'll help you form habits?
Other apps place a very high emphasis on how long your "streak" is of hitting your daily goal. This app doesn't care what your streak is... only that you are improving over time.

NotYet shows you what your 7 day, 30 day, and 90 day rolling averages are today, and what they were in the past. If you have a bad day, or are busy and skip a day, you aren't back to zero... your averages will be a little bit worse, but you can still see the progress that you have made and it gives you motivation to have a better day today than yesterday. The goal isn't to be perfect, the goal is to continually get better. Work to drive your averages towards your goal... as long as your averages are improving, feel great about yourself.

This app can be used to improve virtually any habit, but it works best for those that are easily quantified and rely on effort, not output. Examples include:
Quit smoking
Watch less television
Eat breakfast everyday
Do pushups

Making New Year's resolutions? Don't wait until January. Start now. Even if you don't improve your habits immediately, recording the data for where you are at right now will give you a baseline so you can see your progress in the new year.